---
imageSrc: "../../images/about-sidebar.png"
imageAlt: "Editing code in Visual Studio"
---

My academic pursuits have largely focused on the hard sciences like chemistry, physics, and biology, and so I’ve also studied mathematics up the wazoo. My formal undergraduate focus was shaped by an independent major I designed while at the College of Engineering at Cornell University. A majority of my curriculum ran parallel to a major called Operations Research & Information Engineering, but was complemented by a minor curriculum focused on concepts of sustainable development. My dream for my major was to marry the formal analysis tools offered by operations research with metrics less easily quantified by dollar signs–things like environmental and social impacts. Despite my lofty aspirations for my academic training, my professional trajectory took a departure in some rather unexpected directions.

After college, I moved to Los Angeles where I worked closely with my brother to help run a small property management firm. In 2014, I took my leap into the technology sector by enrolling in a 12-week bootcamp called App Academy. Here I learned the basics of web development and gained an introductory working knowledge of fundamental computer science. Shortly thereafter, I cut my teeth in the tech startup scene in San Francisco. Since beginning to work as a web developer and software engineer, I’ve worked at small and large companies in a smattering of sub-sectors including fintech, fast-casual dining, and social media. Throughout these roles, I have always been primarily a Ruby developer, though more and more of my development as of late has been in Node. While I maintain a preference for backend work and technologies, I have always worked across the stack and have kept up-to-date with major frontend trends.

Having spent some time in the technology world as an engineer, I am starting to see the bigger picture of my abilities, interests, and where I’m hoping to get to. I enjoy working with people tremendously and pride myself on my interpersonal skills; I’ve always made a good teammate, but I believe I can give much more of myself in this capacity. I also have a deep interest and creativity which could be applied not just towards engineering concerns, but also higher-level organizational and product domains. In the coming years, I hope to segue into the realm of management, mentorship, and leadership in an engineering context.
